Can you walk by yourself?
It's okay, I just hurt my arm
No leg damage
It's okay to walk.
You are so afraid of me
I'm not afraid of you
I'm afraid my husband will be jealous.
At this time
Just pull out my cheap husband and use it.
It works pretty well.
I don't want anyone to think
I have a bad idea about Zhan Zong
Dr. Zhang has arrived
Mr. Zhang, we have prepared the unit price.
Please go first and we will do a full body examination for you.
You are all angry
It's interesting to check him if the affair is injured
Don't tell me to hurry up if it's vulgar
Tell me if you feel uncomfortable
Don't hold back, thank you Mr. Zheng
I'm all right.
Then you rest first
I'll ask your boss to finish the delivery later.
Mr. Zheng doesn't have to be so late
Stop, the lady deliberately made an excuse not to come
And turned off the phone
Formal groups never raise waste